If you told me I was going to be a
go-to-market architect at Anthropic a
year ago, I would be pretty surprised. I
don't think I've ever had the technical
chops to be in these conversations,
[music] but with Claude, I'm able to
design and build things that allow me to
see things differently.
>> [music]
>> As a startup account executive, you
typically have a couple hundred. Uh I
think towards the end, I had about
600-700 accounts that I had to manage. I
was probably working until 8:00-9:00 at
night just answering emails back and
forth, scouring through Slack, uh
knowledge bases, Google Docs, Google
Drives. That's when I asked myself the
question, "How could I bring Claude in
the loop?" I started developing Class to
help me build uh solutions around
generating emails to customers. Class is
short for Claude Draft, that allows you
to manage your inbox via hooking up to
context knowledge, system prompt, and
pattern matching. Let me show you how to
use Class.
>> [music]
>> This is typically the workflow that an
AE would go through. First, you need a
system prompt.
This is using the Claude API behind the
scenes.
I'm going to type my name, Jared.
My role.
There's a drop-down as you can see.
Click on account executive.
And what do I help customers with?
And then I'll just generate a prompt.
And then for the context retrieval,
we're going to use our uh integration
with Google Docs. This can also fetch
web URLs.
Being able to go to a Claude Doc website
and generate context off of that. So,
for today, what we're going to do is
just add a doc.
And now, we're going to click on to an
email. We'll click generate draft.
>> [music]
>> And now, Claude is going to retrieve
information from our website, our
documentation, and also use the context
that we have [music] internally. I can
speak more technically with my customers
using this system, which is great. Um I
don't have to go over Slack. I don't
have to go over Google Docs to figure
out how I need to respond. Claude is
able to load that at the top and
essentially just start generating for
me.
>> [music]
>> I would say Class is saving probably me
at least 2-3 hours a day for answering
emails and probably [music] thousands of
emails have been sent by the class
system. I feel like with the technical
barrier dissolving,
I'm almost able to design more products
and have senior engineers help me
implement this to the final [music]
stretch. I was able to move into this
role, go-to-market architect, and now my
career I feel like it's almost changed
completely. I'm able to build solutions
that I don't think I ever would have
been able to.